from time to time we send my cousin Sal
out into the wild to have fun with
unsuspecting delivery people and this
time he really he may have pushed it too
far this is this might be crazier than
anything the president did today
Oh perfect come on thank God thank god
you're here
come right in you can put it uh and put
it right yeah let's how about what's
your name Andrew Andrew what it's just
uh come over here just my grandfather
pop all lumpy yeah we can't hear you
he's been out of it for like three
months but yeah I stopped the sought to
take care of himself to feed him well
it's good of you to do that it's yeah
it's nice I mean it just becomes tedious
after I might have to actually like to
the food up and spit it in his mouth I
got a baby bird like a mama bird baby
bird you know what I mean oh yeah it's
not fun but you know what I'm in the
will so just trying to hang on what are
you doing you and anybody's will your
parents yeah how old today I mean
they're not sixteen oh so you got a ways
to go yeah yeah you have a few years
before your spit and Kung Pao into their
mouth Dana never give an old man a
sponge bath uh no yeah you want to uh I
think I'm good you're gonna sanitary
yeah all right yeah you just stuck just
stuck you know how long we're supposed
to wait for two grand in a sweet and low
collection you know
all right well good luck you know what
can you do me a favor I threw my
shoulder out the other day playing
tennis okay maybe you could help me
trying to get this thing so you're just
that we have to clean I have to clean
this apparatus every so often so grab
that side and on three pull ready okay
yeah just pull your way one two three
all right all right okay
[Applause]
yeah we did it yeah he's gone that's it
okay yeah that's it so that's the alarm
and he's done thank you for helping I'm
gonna get your big tip you hold not
actually hold on real let's hold that up
for one second hold on hold that one
second let me yeah just hold it because
I got why why not yeah there you go
no we didn't do it you you pull the you
pull the book hold on I'm gonna give you
a big tip you just stay right here okay
don't go anywhere you were a lot of help
stay right there thank you thank you
great
[Music]
chinese-food kind of Chinese
[Applause]
sorry all right thank you and you're
sorry about that my cousin's a little
bit mental hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
want to see all our latest videos click
the subscribe button and if you don't
click anyway and close your eyes when
they come on